# DiscordRoleBot
This is a Discord Role Bot that is used for automatically assigning a role to a user on entry of a server. 
Also the bot expects an ID value from them once they join into a restricted server channel that only new people can see into and out of. Which is something a server Admin will require to set up and is shown how in the Admin Instructions.

Once that ID is verified with the CSV file that holds all ID values (generated by the client or admin) the client is given the correct roles and name in line with the CSV file given.

Additionally this is used as a multi-purpose role bot, including:
-Reaction Roles! Both Buttons and Emoji Based.


## User Instructions:
automatically on user joining server OR manually ran through command
bot messages user asking for UP number
user gives bot UP number (7 digits)
bot compares up number given with up number on csv
bot gives roles for year + course

## Admin Instructions:
### 1. Firstly create your server and invite the bot to it utilising this link:
https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1099684282986938499&permissions=8&scope=bot

### 2. Create a role in your server called "norole"

### 3. Create a channel in your server called "norole" and make it a private channel, ensuring @everyone can't see it. But make @norole be able to see it and send messages and see message history.

### 4. When developing other channels ensure that @everyone can't see the channel and make a new role called "member" that can see inside it.

## Slash Commands: